Added a tutorial on how to make neurons public in the NNS dapp (#3701)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/daos/nns/using-the-nns-dapp/nns-dapp-making-neurons-public.mdx

---
keywords: [beginner, governance, tutorial, nns]
---

import { MarkdownChipRow } from "/src/components/Chip/MarkdownChipRow";
import '/src/components/CenterImages/center.scss';

# Making neurons public

<MarkdownChipRow labels={["Beginner", "Governance", "Tutorial"]} />

## Overview

In order to support a [neuron index](https://dashboard.internetcomputer.org/proposal/48491) while respecting neuron holders' privacy, neuron visibility settings were introduced. A neuron can be private or public. For public, anyone who knows the neuron's ID can see the full neuron, including how they vote on proposals. See a more detailed description about differences between private and public neurons [here](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/daos/nns/concepts/neurons/neuron-management#neuron-visibility).

## How to change your neuron's visibility

- **Step 1:** Go to the [NNS dapp](https://nns.ic0.app/), and sign in with your Internet Identity

- **Step 2:** Navigate to **Neuron Staking**, and click on the neuron you would like to make public.

![NNS Import Tokens 2](../../_attachments/nns-neuron-visibility-1.webp)

> - **Step 3**: Scroll down, and click on **Make Neuron Public**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Step 3**: Scroll down and click on **Make Neuron Public**.
```

![NNS Import Tokens 3](../../_attachments/nns-neuron-visibility-2.webp)

> - **Step 4**: Select all neurons you wish to make public, and click **Confirm**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Step 4**: Select all neurons you wish to make public and click **Confirm**.
```

![NNS Import Tokens 4](../../_attachments/nns-neuron-visibility-3.webp)

> Going back to the neurons table, you should see a checkmark next to neurons 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the neurons table, you should now see a checkmark next to neurons that are public.
```
